Update readme (#933)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: README.md

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://pennylane.ai">
    <img width=80% src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/master/doc/_static/pennylane_thin.png">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <!-- Tests (GitHub actions) -->
  <a href="https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/actions?query=workflow%3ATests">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/Tests/master?logo=github&style=flat-square" />
  </a>
  <!-- CodeCov -->
  <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/PennyLaneAI/pennylane">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/master.svg?logo=codecov&style=flat-square" />
  </a>
  <!-- ReadTheDocs -->
  <a href="https://pennylane.readthedocs.io">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/readthedocs/pennylane.svg?logo=read-the-docs&style=flat-square" />
  </a>
  <!-- PyPI -->
  <a href="https://pypi.org/project/PennyLane">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/PennyLane.svg?style=flat-square" />
  </a>
  <!-- Forum -->
  <a href="https://discuss.pennylane.ai">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/discourse/https/discuss.pennylane.ai/posts.svg?logo=discourse&style=flat-square" />

>   </a>

Reviewer: Do we want to include the python version badge?

Reviewer 2: I removed it since it was starting to cause a line overflow! And I figured it was the most 'superfluous' of all the badges.

Reviewer: Ok, sounds good!

  <!-- License -->
  <a href="https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/PennyLane.svg?logo=apache&style=flat-square" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://pennylane.ai">PennyLane</a> is a cross-platform Python library for <a
  href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Differentiable_programming)">differentiable
  programming</a> of quantum computers.
</p>

<p align="center">
  <strong>Train a quantum computer the same way as a neural network.</strong>

>   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/update-readme/doc/_static/readme/code.gif" width="100%">

Reviewer: Looks amazing!

For an introduction to quantum machine learning, guides and resources are available on
PennyLane's [quantum machine learning hub](https://pennylane.ai/qml/):

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/update-readme/doc/_static/readme/gpu_to_qpu.png" align="right" width="400px">

* [What is quantum machine learning?](https://pennylane.ai/qml/whatisqml.html)
* [QML tutorials and demos](https://pennylane.ai/qml/demonstrations.html)
* [Frequently asked questions](https://pennylane.ai/faq.html)
* [Key concepts of QML](https://pennylane.ai/qml/glossary.html)
* [QML videos](https://pennylane.ai/qml/videos.html)

You can also check out our [documentation](https://pennylane.readthedocs.io) for [quickstart
guides](https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/stable/introduction/pennylane.html) to using PennyLane,
and detailed developer guides on [how to write your
own](https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/stable/development/plugins.html) PennyLane-compatible
quantum device.

## Tutorials and demonstrations

Take a deeper dive into quantum machine learning by exploring cutting-edge algorithms on our [demonstrations
page](https://pennylane.ai/qml/demonstrations.html).

> <a href="https://pennylane.ai/qml/demonstations.html">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href="https://pennylane.ai/qml/demonstrations.html">
```

  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/update-readme/doc/_static/readme/demos.png" width="900px">
</a>

All demonstrations are fully executable, and can be downloaded as Jupyter notebooks and Python
scripts.

If you would like to contribute your own demo, see our [demo submission
guide](https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos_submission.html).

## Contributing to PennyLane

We welcome contributions—simply fork the PennyLane repository, and then make a [pull
request](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) containing your contribution. All

> contributers to PennyLane will be listed as authors on the releases. All users who contribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contributors to PennyLane will be listed as authors on the releases. All users who contribute
```

significantly to the code (new plugins, new functionality, etc.) will be listed on the PennyLane

> arXiv paper.

Reviewer: Is this a promise we are still making?

Reviewer 2: Subject to 'significantly to the code' (e.g., it is not a blanket promise)

We also encourage bug reports, suggestions for new features and enhancements, and even links to cool
projects or applications built on PennyLane.

See our [contributions
page](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) and our

> [developers hub](https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/stable/development/guide.html) for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[developer hub](https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/stable/development/guide.html) for more
```
I can never decide whether it should have an apotrophe, so maybe saver without the s.

  </a>
  <!-- ReadTheDocs -->
  <a href="https://pennylane.readthedocs.io">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/readthedocs/pennylane.svg?logo=read-the-docs&style=flat-square" />
  </a>
  <!-- PyPI -->
  <a href="https://pypi.org/project/PennyLane">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/PennyLane.svg?style=flat-square" />
  </a>
  <!-- Forum -->
  <a href="https://discuss.pennylane.ai">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/discourse/https/discuss.pennylane.ai/posts.svg?logo=discourse&style=flat-square" />
  </a>
  <!-- License -->
  <a href="https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/PennyLane.svg?logo=apache&style=flat-square" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://pennylane.ai">PennyLane</a> is a cross-platform Python library for <a
  href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Differentiable_programming)">differentiable
  programming</a> of quantum computers.
</p>

<p align="center">
  <strong>Train a quantum computer the same way as a neural network.</strong>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/update-readme/doc/_static/readme/code.png" width="800px">
</p>

## Key Features

> - *Brings quantum hardware to machine learning*. Support for hybrid quantum and classical models;

Author: ```suggestion
- *Machine learning on quantum hardware*. Support for hybrid quantum and classical models;
```

> - *Brings quantum hardware to machine learning*. Support for hybrid quantum and classical models;
>   connect quantum hardware with **PyTorch**, **TensorFlow**, **Keras**, and **NumPy**.

Author: ```suggestion
- *Machine learning on quantum hardware*. Connect to quantum hardware using **PyTorch**, **TensorFlow**, **Keras**, or **NumPy**. Build rich and flexible hybrid quantum-classical models.

```

> - *Device independent*. The same quantum circuit can be run on different quantum backends. Install

Author: ```suggestion
- *Device independent*. Run the same quantum circuit on different quantum backends. Install
```

  [plugins](https://pennylane.ai/plugins.html) to access even more devices, including Strawberry

>   Fields, IBM Q, Google Cirq, Rigetti Forest, Qulacs, Pasqal, Honeywell, and more.

Author: Should we bold these?

Reviewer 2: Up to you, I worry there are too many now for it to look good 🤔

Author: let's give it a shot and see how it looks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  [plugins](https://pennylane.ai/plugins.html) to access even more devices, including **Strawberry
  Fields**, **IBM Q**, **Google Cirq**, **Rigetti Forest**, **Qulacs**, **Pasqal**, **Honeywell**, and more.
```

> - *Flexibility*. Swap quantum devices with a single line, and combine quantum hardware from multiple
>   vendors in the same model.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

- *Follow the gradient*. Hardware-friendly **automatic differentiation** of quantum circuits.

- *Batteries included*. Built-in tools for **quantum machine learning**, **optimization**, and

>   **quantum chemistry**. Rapidly prototype using the built-in quantum simulators with

Author: ```suggestion
  **quantum chemistry**. Rapidly prototype using built-in quantum simulators with
```

  backpropagation support.

## Installation

PennyLane requires Python version 3.6 and above. Installation of PennyLane, as well as all
dependencies, can be done using pip:

```console
python -m pip install pennylane
```

## Getting started

For an introduction to quantum machine learning, guides and resources are available on

> PennyLane's [quantum machine learning page](https://pennylane.ai/qml/):

Author: ```suggestion
PennyLane's [quantum machine learning hub](https://pennylane.ai/qml/):
```

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/update-readme/doc/_static/readme/gpu_to_qpu.png" align="right" width="400px">

* [What is quantum machine learning?](https://pennylane.ai/qml/whatisqml.html)
* [QML tutorials and demos](https://pennylane.ai/qml/demonstrations.html)
* [Frequently asked questions](https://pennylane.ai/faq.html)
* [Key concepts of QML](https://pennylane.ai/qml/glossary.html)
* [QML videos](https://pennylane.ai/qml/videos.html)

You can also check out our [documentation](https://pennylane.readthedocs.io) for [quickstart
guides](https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/stable/introduction/pennylane.html) to using PennyLane,
and detailed developer guides on [how to write your
own](https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/stable/development/plugins.html) PennyLane-compatible
quantum device.

## Tutorials and demonstrations

> Take a deeper dive into quantum machine learning by exploring cutting-edge algorithms using
> PennyLane and near-term quantum hardware on our [demonstrations

Author: ```suggestion
Take a deeper dive into quantum machine learning by exploring cutting-edge algorithms on our [demonstrations
```

page](https://pennylane.ai/qml/demonstrations.html).

<a href="https://pennylane.ai/qml/demonstations.html">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/update-readme/doc/_static/readme/demos.png" width="900px">
</a>

All demonstrations are fully executable, and can be downloaded as Jupyter notebooks and Python
scripts.

If you would like to contribute your own demo, see our [demo submission
guide](https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos_submission.html).

## Contributing to PennyLane

> We welcome contributions — simply fork the PennyLane repository, and then make a [pull

Author: ```suggestion
We welcome contributions—simply fork the PennyLane repository, and then make a [pull

```
